gh-125254: Fix error report about ambiguous option in argparse (#125273)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-10-10-19-57-35.gh-issue-125254.RtZxXS.rst

> Fix error report about ambiguous option in :mod:`argparse`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix a bug where ArgumentError includes the incorrect ambiguous option in :mod:`argparse`
```

Just to be a bit more specific here. Feel free to reword if you disagree.
